README.md, before:

# vin-decoder-service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service#)

A simple VIN decoding microservice wrapped around the [vin_decoder] package written in Dart.

[vin_decoder]: https://github.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-dart

## Installation

The application can be activated from pub directly:

```
$ pub global activate --source path <path to repository>
Package vin_decoder_service is currently active at path "...".
Installed executable vindecoder-service.
Activated vin_decoder_service 0.0.1 at path "...".
```

## Usage

On the server side, simply run the service directly:

```
$ vindecoder-service
VIN Decoder Service Registered on 0.0.0.0:4040/vin
...
```

The following options can be set at run-time:

```
$ vindecoder-service --help
usage: vindecoder-service [-p]

-p, --port    Port to bind to
              (defaults to "4040")

-h, --help    Show usage info
```

From the client side, this can be tested by sending a JSON-encoded VIN string, with the decoded VIN returned as a
POST response:

```
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{ "vin": "WP0ZZZ99ZTS392124" }' localhost:4040
{"wmi":"WP0","vds":"ZZZ99Z","vis":"TS392124","year":"1996","region":"EU","manufacturer":"Porsche","assembly_plant":"S","serial_number":"92124"}
```

## Features and bugs

Please file feature requests and bugs at the [issue tracker][tracker].

[tracker]: https://github.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service/issues

## License

Licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license, the full version of which can be found in the
[LICENSE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service/master/LICENSE)
file included in the distribution.

Commit message:

Add a Dockerfile to simplify service deployment

README.md, after:

# vin-decoder-service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service#)

A simple VIN decoding microservice wrapped around the [vin_decoder] package written in Dart.

[vin_decoder]: https://github.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-dart

## Installation

The application can be activated from pub directly:

```
$ pub global activate --source path <path to repository>
Package vin_decoder_service is currently active at path "...".
Installed executable vindecoder-service.
Activated vin_decoder_service 0.0.1 at path "...".
```

## Usage

On the server side, simply run the service directly:

```
$ vindecoder-service
VIN Decoder Service Registered on 0.0.0.0:8080/vin
...
```

The following options can be set at run-time:

```
$ vindecoder-service --help
usage: vindecoder-service [-p]

-p, --port    Port to bind to
              (defaults to "8080")

-h, --help    Show usage info
```

From the client side, this can be tested by sending a JSON-encoded VIN string:

```
$ curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{ "vin": "WP0ZZZ99ZTS392124" }' http://localhost:8080
```

with the decoded VIN returned in the POST response body:

```
{"wmi":"WP0","vds":"ZZZ99Z","vis":"TS392124","year":"1996","region":"EU","manufacturer":"Porsche","assembly_plant":"S","serial_number":"92124"}
```

## Deployment

Docker images are provided under [adaptant/vin-decoder-service][docker] and can be run without any special
configuration:

```
$ docker run -d -p 8080:8080 adaptant/vin-decoder-service
```

[docker]: https://hub.docker.com/r/adaptant/vin-decoder-service

## Features and bugs

Please file feature requests and bugs at the [issue tracker][tracker].

[tracker]: https://github.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service/issues

## License

Licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license, the full version of which can be found in the
[LICENSE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adaptant-labs/vin-decoder-service/master/LICENSE)
file included in the distribution.
